The bicycle model is
a simple and useful way
to represent how a car moves.
Like all models, it is
based on several simplifying
assumptions.
First, we all ignore all
vertical dynamics of the car,
so you can assume the
car only moves in 2D.
This means no flying
cars, unfortunately.
Next, we'll assume
that, like a bicycle,
the front wheels of
the car are connected
to the back wheels of the car by
a rigid beam with fixed length.
Here, we assume that the
front two wheels act together
so they can effectively be
represented as one wheel,
just like a bicycle.
The same holds for
the two rear wheels.
Finally, we assume the car is
also controlled like a bicycle,
with a steering angle theta
and some longitudinal velocity
in the direction that
the car is heading.
For this car, we change
the steering angle
by pi over 8 radians,
and then the car
moves forward at a velocity
of 3 meters per second.
You have just learned
how the motion of a car
can be simplified down to
something similar to a bicycle,
with a bicycle motion model.
Next, you'll get
reminded how to use
the yaw rate and velocity of a
car to find its new position.